README.md, before:

# aoe2net-api-wrapper
 A simple and basic Python 3 https://aoe2.net/ API wrapper for sending `GET requests`.
 
 ![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/sixp-naraka/aoe2net-api-wrapper?color=g&label=GitHub%20release) ![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/aoe2netapi-wrapper?label=pypi%20version) ![PyPI - Downloads](https://img.shields.io/pypi/dd/aoe2netapi-wrapper?label=pypi%20downloads) [![Downloads](https://pepy.tech/badge/aoe2netapi-wrapper)](https://pepy.tech/project/aoe2netapi-wrapper) ![PyPI - Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/aoe2netapi-wrapper)
 
 See the documentation of the API wrapper here on GitHub: [section 'Documentation'](https://github.com/sixP-NaraKa/aoe2net-api-wrapper#documentation).
 
 See https://aoe2.net/#api and https://aoe2.net/#nightbot for the aoe2.net API (documentation) directly.
 
 
 Requirements:
 
 - `requests` >= 2.20.0
 - `dataclasses-json` == 0.5.7
 - Python 3.7+ required
 
 Installation
 -
 Available [on PyPi](https://pypi.org/project/aoe2netapi-wrapper/)
 
 ```
 pip install aoe2netapi-wrapper
 ```
 
 Example usage
 -
 ```python
from aoe2netapi import API, Nightbot
from aoe2netapi.constants import LeaderboardId, EventLeaderboardId
from aoe2netapi.models import Leaderboard

# API class
api = API()
leaderboard: Leaderboard = api.get_leaderboard(leaderboard_id=LeaderboardId.AOE_TWO_RM, count=100)
print(leaderboard)
# Leaderboard<total = 43055, leaderboard_id = 3, start = 1, count = 100, players = [...],
#             game="aoe2de", is_event_leaderboard=False

for player in leaderboard.players:  # player is of type 'LeaderboardPlayer'
   print(player.rank, player.name, player.rating, player.highest_rating, ...)

# Nightbot class
nightbot = Nightbot()
rank_details: str = nightbot.get_rank_details(leaderboard_id=LeaderboardId.AOE_TWO_RM, search="GL.TheViper")
print(rank_details)
# GL.TheViper (2688) Rank #4, has played 1,542 games with a 65% winrate, -1 streak, and 4 drops
 ```
 
 Documentation
 -
 See the documentation on the provided functions here on GitHub: [documentation page](https://github.com/sixP-NaraKa/aoe2net-api-wrapper/blob/main/docs/docs.md).
 
 For the documentation for previous versions, see the documentation page here: [documentation page](https://github.com/sixP-NaraKa/aoe2net-api-wrapper/blob/main/docs/).

 Changelog
 -
 See the changelog here on GitHub: [changelog page](https://github.com/sixP-NaraKa/aoe2net-api-wrapper/blob/main/docs/changelog.md).
 
 License
 -
 MIT License. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/sixP-NaraKa/aoe2net-api-wrapper/blob/main/LICENSE).

Commit message:

aoe2.net has been sunset: Update README.md
aoe2.net has been shutdown after a longer period of the website not working fully.
This wrapper is no longer working.

README.md, after:

# ⚠️ aoe2.net has been shutdown ⚠️

![aoe2.net shutdown message](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bfce43f7-90be-48f7-a91d-53afaee5a7fc)

The aoe2.net website has been sunset and therefore this wrapper does _not_ work anymore.

# aoe2net-api-wrapper
 A simple and basic Python 3 https://aoe2.net/ API wrapper for sending `GET requests`.
 
 ![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/sixp-naraka/aoe2net-api-wrapper?color=g&label=GitHub%20release) ![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/aoe2netapi-wrapper?label=pypi%20version) ![PyPI - Downloads](https://img.shields.io/pypi/dd/aoe2netapi-wrapper?label=pypi%20downloads) [![Downloads](https://pepy.tech/badge/aoe2netapi-wrapper)](https://pepy.tech/project/aoe2netapi-wrapper) ![PyPI - Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/aoe2netapi-wrapper)
 
 See the documentation of the API wrapper here on GitHub: [section 'Documentation'](https://github.com/sixP-NaraKa/aoe2net-api-wrapper#documentation).
 
 See https://aoe2.net/#api and https://aoe2.net/#nightbot for the aoe2.net API (documentation) directly.
 
 
 Requirements:
 
 - `requests` >= 2.20.0
 - `dataclasses-json` == 0.5.7
 - Python 3.7+ required
 
 Installation
 -
 Available [on PyPi](https://pypi.org/project/aoe2netapi-wrapper/)
 
 ```
 pip install aoe2netapi-wrapper
 ```
 
 Example usage
 -
 ```python
from aoe2netapi import API, Nightbot
from aoe2netapi.constants import LeaderboardId, EventLeaderboardId
from aoe2netapi.models import Leaderboard

# API class
api = API()
leaderboard: Leaderboard = api.get_leaderboard(leaderboard_id=LeaderboardId.AOE_TWO_RM, count=100)
print(leaderboard)
# Leaderboard<total = 43055, leaderboard_id = 3, start = 1, count = 100, players = [...],
#             game="aoe2de", is_event_leaderboard=False

for player in leaderboard.players:  # player is of type 'LeaderboardPlayer'
   print(player.rank, player.name, player.rating, player.highest_rating, ...)

# Nightbot class
nightbot = Nightbot()
rank_details: str = nightbot.get_rank_details(leaderboard_id=LeaderboardId.AOE_TWO_RM, search="GL.TheViper")
print(rank_details)
# GL.TheViper (2688) Rank #4, has played 1,542 games with a 65% winrate, -1 streak, and 4 drops
 ```
 
 Documentation
 -
 See the documentation on the provided functions here on GitHub: [documentation page](https://github.com/sixP-NaraKa/aoe2net-api-wrapper/blob/main/docs/docs.md).
 
 For the documentation for previous versions, see the documentation page here: [documentation page](https://github.com/sixP-NaraKa/aoe2net-api-wrapper/blob/main/docs/).

 Changelog
 -
 See the changelog here on GitHub: [changelog page](https://github.com/sixP-NaraKa/aoe2net-api-wrapper/blob/main/docs/changelog.md).
 
 License
 -
 MIT License. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/sixP-NaraKa/aoe2net-api-wrapper/blob/main/LICENSE).
